as a lot of you know we are doing
one-sixth scale fully articulated cloth
costume street fire figures people call
it the hot toys style these days even
though it's existed since you know the
50s with GI Joe it's basically where it
came from but yes so we are doing them
we tease them at San Diego comic-con in
2014 a year ago
and they still are not out and people
are you know we got our inbox gets
flooded with what happened where are
these figures how come I can order them
well we love what we showed but we are
having some internal questions as to the
balance of articulation versus the the
cleanness of the look the visual look of
the figure you know hot toys will have
for example on an arm hot toys will have
a full rubber sleeve with the
articulation inside of the arm so you
don't see any articulation that looks
great but the the level of movement you
get is limited so you know our question
is for Street Fighter 1/6 scale what's
more important the clean look of having
a smooth arm that looks real but with
limited articulation for example you
wouldn't be able to do a Hadouken pose a
full Hadouken pose at least the
beginning of the Hadouken when you're
forming the versus having an actual
exposed articulation joint this is our
prototype of the arm for Rio you can see
there's a it's broken but there's joint
that would be exposed but you would get
a lot more movement than you would if it
was a full rubber sleeve so you know
that's what's caused the delay the
factory's been working we've been doing
tests and things like that but I haven't
been able to commit to one or the other
so I'm very interested in hearing what
the fans think particularly if you
actually do buy six scale figures if you
feel yes you know the look is more
important than full mobility on the
figure here is the little scratched up
but this is the prototype of the head of
really you can see the quality it's very
nice got the the fabric headband I'm
pretty happy with it but yeah so the six
scale is a big deal
my plan is to limit the time between
pre-order and deliveries so the
pre-order is scheduled to go up either
late late this year or early early 2016
with delivery only two or three months
after that the reason we can do that is
because as opposed to the statues where
we show a prototype design we set it to
the factory and begin production we are
already working on these in China and by
the time we do the pre-order we will
have been well into production on them
in China and China so the delivery will
only be a few months later the line the
six scale line is huge I mean we have so
many figures planned and being sculpted
you know you'll see you'll see Ryu
you'll see Ken right away you'll see
Street Fighter 4 evil Ryu you'll also
see maybe classic evil Ryu look we'll do
some costume pacts so we may do like a
player - yellow key Ryu costume pact and
it might come
a different head so you know it's going
to be a big line and it's going to be a
lot of fun for Street Fighter fans
here's the one of the early prototypes
it's kind of in pieces but just to see
the scale uh he lost his hair but uh I
can't tell if it's alright but uh you
know this is the scowl so it's 12 inch
scale same as hot toys and all the all
the cool 1/6 scale figures that are out
right now so it's too design-wise it's a
combination of realism and the game you
know it's uh we've just given him a
little bit of realism to me and we
actually have four different Ryu heads
sculpted different styles because to me
one of the fun wait one of the fun
aspects of doing this line is because
it's not a $400 statue we could do all
sorts of heads that interchanged so if
you're Street Fighter one fan or if
you're an alpha fan or whatever you are
we're gonna do heads that will appeal to
you so you'll be able to buy the Street
Fighter 2 pack should fire a 2 2 pack
you know with different different
costumes different accessories there'll
be a guy with sewn some shoulders all
sorts of things we're gonna do with this
line that'll be a lot of fun and you
won't have to buy a whole new figure to
get it cuz that's ridiculous you're out
to spend to hunger buts just to get the
the yellow key we're gonna literally do
the same way you know they used to do
with the old GI Joes you you buy uh you
just buy the new costume and it comes
with a few extra accessories and stuff
so I don't know how much that'll be yet
but significantly less than buying a
whole new figure we have designs and
everything for the female characters but
we haven't started yet on the female
we're just coming out of the gate with
the males because it's it's complicated
and expensive to do these bodies and so
we want to get get some movement on this
first with the male body that we're
using before we jump into the females
also for the male body you know don't
worry your bison it's not going to use
the same body as Ryu there may be some
parts that are the same but we're
already working on things like bigger
torsos you know for for let's say Vega
Vega can use certain parts from the ryu
but he's got longer thinner legs and
we're working on the mix-and-match there
may be you know some thigh snap-on's to
make the thighs bigger or that kind of
thing